In this lecture we are going to be understanding ragas a bit.
So the ragas is otherwise called as the Retrieval Augmented Generation Assurance Score library is designed
to evaluate Rag systems and large language model systems by assessing various aspects like the retrieval
accuracy or generation quality and factual correctness.
That is the main purpose of this ragas itself, and you'll be wondered that using this particular ragas,
we can check key metrics.
Something like this.
We can check the context, relevance, faithfulness, answer relevance and factual consistency or otherwise
called as correctness of our large language models responses.
It can be anything, it can be LMS, or it can also be the one from the Rag application or agent.
You can verify all of them using ragas, something like this.
So if you talk about the context precision, this measurement of this is the measurement of how many.
Retrieved contexts are actually relevant.
So the higher the precision, the fewer.
Irrelevant documents are there in the retrieval.
That is what is called as the.
Context precision.
So these are things that we are going to be using a bit while we.
Are going to be doing the evaluation of our matrices using evaluation of our LMS using.
Ragas.
So the context precision is one thing.
And then there is also called as context.
Recall which measure how many relevant contexts were retrieved out of all possible.
Relevant ones.
That is what is called as this context recall and the high the most relevant documents were retrieved.
The lawyer.
Is very less documents were retrieved based on the given context and then response relevance.
So this is the measure.
If the answer is actually addresses the query that you have asked.
The higher the response is a meaningful and on the topic response that you get it.
If not.
You're not really getting what you're looking for.
finally faithfulness.
This is, I think, very important because it is the measure for you to check if the factually grounded
truth truth is coming up for you in the response or not.
The higher the response, the factual grounded, which means you are really avoiding quite a lot of
different hallucination generated by your large language models.
So this is another measure that you are going to be verifying while you test your application using
ragas.
So these are the different types of matrices that you can really measure with ragas.
And we are going to see a few of them, at least three of them from here in our testing to verify if
we get the responses like how we are looking for.
So these are the theoretical aspects of all the different ways of testing the large language models
and LMS applications, as well as the agents or rags.
But starting our next lecture, we are going to see how we can actually start using ragas to do the
testing itself in a much, much better fashion.